To: teachers
Subject: Student Robotics 2016 feedback and registrations for next year

Hi {first_name},

Thank you for taking part in Student Robotics 2016! We hope you
enjoyed the competition -- our volunteers certainly did, and were
impressed at the ingenuity and effort that went into all the robots.
We also hope it was a great experience for the competitors, and that
they learnt about engineering and performing large projects!

If you or the team have any photos of the competition you'd like to
share, we highly recommend using this Flickr group [0] to group them,
ideally under a creative commons license.

There are a few outstanding issues which should be cleared up over the
coming week:
 - If you didn't make it to the competition, we'll be contacting you
   shortly regarding the kit
 - If you arranged to keep the kit after the competition, we'll
   confirm the date we expect it back by, and the shipping
   arrangements for its return
 - If you wish to claim the team budget, please email
   treasurer@studentrobotics.org with your team name, scans of
   receipts and invoices that you are claiming for, the total amount
   you are claiming, and who the amount should be paid to.

Regarding next year's competition, we aim to open registrations for
SR2017 shortly and hope to supply another great competition. As with
this year, places won't be confirmed until closer to the Kickstart
date in case we're oversubscribed.  The competition game itself will
not be revealed until Kickstart either.

Finally, we'd love to hear from you about how we did, what went well
and what didn't, and anything that could be done better. A few things
we'd enjoy hearing about are:
 * Was there any information during the competition that was missing
   or difficult to obtain?
 * If you left the competition before the prize giving, what were your
   reasons?
 * What part of the competition did your team find hardest?
 * Did your team members have dedicated roles when building their
   robot or did they share tasks?
We'd be more than happy to hear about anything you think is important
though.

To send feedback, please email jmorse@studentrobotics.org, and I'll
forward your message on to our volunteers. Unless you request
otherwise, feedback will be anonymised, so please feel free to speak
your mind.

Once more, thank you for taking part and shepherding another year of
competitors through the competition, and we hope to see you at a
future competition.

[0] https://www.flickr.com/groups/sr2016

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

